--- 
name: Heidi Rehm
last: Rehm
image: /get2013//get2014/images/Heidi-Rehm.jpg
---

Heidi L. Rehm, PhD, FACMG is the Chief Laboratory Director at Partners' Laboratory for Molecular Medicine and Associate Professor of Pathology at Brigham & Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical School. The lab focuses on the rapid translation of new genetic discoveries into clinical tests and bringing novel technologies and software systems into molecular diagnostics to support the integration of genetics into clinical use. The laboratory has been a leader in translational medicine, launching the first clinical tests for cardiomyopathy and lung cancer treatment. The lab offers whole genome sequencing services for both clinical diagnostics and to support several genomic medicine research projects including the MedSeq and BabySeq projects. Dr. Rehm is also involved in defining standards for the use of next generation sequencing in clinical diagnostics and the interpretation of sequence variants through her committee roles at the American College of Medical Genetics. Dr. Rehm is also one of several principal investigators of a major NIH-funded effort called ClinGen (Clinical Genome Resource Program) to support broad sharing of genotype and phenotype data and clinical annotations of genes and variants. Dr. Rehm also directs the Clinical Molecular Genetics training program at Harvard Medical School and conducts research in hearing loss, Usher syndrome, cardiomyopathy, healthcare IT and genomic medicine.
