---
name: Brain Genomics Superstruct Project (GSP).
alt: brain fmri 200x197
image: /get2013/images/brain_fmri_150.jpg
---

The goal of the Brain Genomics Superstruct Project (GSP) is to enable large-scale exploration of how genes affect the brain and the role they may play in brain development, structure and function. Specifically, we study questions related to the brain and diseases of the brain; for example, what causes, helps prevent, treat, or cure a disease, and how it may be passed on in families. To probe such questions, the GSP has built a data repository over the last 3 years of structural and functional MRI scans linked to genetic information from over 3,000 healthy individuals. This repository will be made widely available to researchers across the research community and is structured to enable targeted as well as exploratory analyses. Understanding the genetic underpinnings of normal brain variation will illuminate human nature; understanding genetic risk factors for brain disorders will shed light on neuropsychiatric, neurologic and other diseases with tremendous emotional and financial costs.

This research is being conducted by the laboratory of Dr. Randy L. Buckner at the Center for Brain Science, Harvard University, Cambridge MA. In order to measure brain activity, you will be asked to lie inside a magnetic resonance (MR) scanner so that images of your brain can be obtained. You will also be asked to provide a saliva sample. We anticipate your appointment lasting approximately 1.5 hours including approximately 40 minutes in the scanner and twenty minutes of questionnaires. You will receive payment of $25 per hour for the scan and saliva sample and compensation for travel expenses. In addition, we offer an optional computer based take-home portion of the study, which can be done at home and will take approximately three hours. You will receive an additional $60 for completing this portion. If you would like to volunteer or if you have questions about the study, you may contact the project coordinator Marisa Hollinshead by email: mhollins@wjh.harvard.edu or phone: 617-496-7039. Please plan on scheduling your appointment by April 15th. [Download the flyer (PDF)](/get2013/docs/BrainGenomicsSuperstructProject_April2013.pdf)
