---
name: How active are you?
alt: Man standing on a field
image: /get2013/images/activity_150.jpg
---

Physical inactivity has been linked with a number chronic disease including obesity, hypertension and diabetes. Research has shown that engaging in regular physical activity can help people live longer, more productive and better lives. Despite the importance of engaging in regular physical activity, many people still find it difficult to initiate and sustain regular physical activity. A number of barriers which affects the level of peoples’ activity include time constraints, limited access to physical activity facilities and poor motivation to exercise.

At the Center for Connected health, Partners Healthcare, we are committed to improving healthcare delivery and helping people engage in healthy behaviors by using simple technologies to deliver personalized interventions relevant to the individual. We want to find out if there are certain genetic traits that influence the pattern of peoples’ physical activity behaviors. This information will help us better understand how to design more engaging and relevant programs to help people engage in healthy behaviors. For this program we are looking for 20 volunteers who are overweight or obese (body mass index, BMI, 25 or greater) to use small wireless pedometers to monitor the level of their physical activity for 2 months. Participants must be a participant in the Personal Genome project (PGP), must be able to engage in moderate physical activity like walking and must also be willing to add their physical activity data to their public profile on a monthly basis for the 2 months duration of the program. If you are interested in participating or have questions about this program please contact Stephen Agboola, email: sagboola@partners.org; phone: 617-643-0291\. Interested participants will be registered to use the pedometers at the 2013 GET Conference. Please stop by our booth if you are interested.(Image from flickr user [seanvenn](http://www.flickr.com/photos/seanvenn/3630375604/sizes/o/in/photostream/))
